>> Kyle Simpson: There's one other thing I
wanna show you about object destructuring.
It's kind of one of my favorite
little nuanced quirks about it,
which is with array destructuring,
when we use the position to
indicate the source it means
we could only basically
destructure a position once.
Cuz there's no other way
to say I'm getting it from
that position multiple times, but
when we're dealing with an object,
we can actually list it multiple times.
So if I had an object that had an a,
a b, and c and I were gonna
destructure that object
somewhere like a,b c.
What if I wanted to do to
destructure the b property
multiple times and
target it to different places?
Well here, I'm saying, essentially,
b:b but I can also say, b:w.
I can list the same source property
as many times as I need to,
and target it to different location.
And this is particularly useful when b is
a sub thing like a sub-object,
because here I can get
b the whole object and
here I can destructure down in to b and
get it's contents.
>> Kyle Simpson: So now I'm getting
both the object that includes x2 and
I am assigning x to a variable
called w with the value 2.
>> Kyle Simpson: You can list these 2,
3, 4 times,
you can list them in either order.
I have on a number of occasions
taken advantage of being able to
get access to both the object and
to destructure it in the same pattern.
Of course, if we can nest objects
patterns inside of other object patterns,
we can also nest arrays
inside of object patterns.
So if this was an array and
we wanted to destructure the array,
instead of having an object pattern here,
what would we have?
>> Kyle Simpson: An array
pattern where we send] w and y.
So w here is gonna be the value 500 and
y here is gonna be the value 5,000.
So I can have an array pattern
inside of an object pattern.
I can have an object pattern
inside of an array pattern.
I can have objects inside of objects
inside of arrays inside of objects,
any mixture there is appropriate.
Don't forget your defaults,
which I always seem to forget.
>> Speaker 2: Is this called aliasing,
or what is it called?
When you're naming something
that you're pulling out.
>> Kyle Simpson: I would call that,
not aliasing, I would maybe
call it a double destructuring.
But it doesn't have an official name,
as far as I'm aware.